Wheel Variants: add a "Security implications" section (#59)
wheelnext/wheelnext: docs/proposals/pepxxx_wheel_variant_support.md

does not specifically support variant metadata. However, the index must permit distributing wheels that use the extended
filename syntax and the JSON file.

## Security implications

The proposal introduces a variant properties system that could introduce a risk of remote code execution through
installing and executing third-party Python packages. Such a risk existed already when installing from source
distributions, but the binary package specification does not provide for any third-party code being executed when
installing a wheel, and the users have been relying on the `--no-binary` option to guarantee that. For this reason,
the proposal explicitly requires that untrusted providers are never installed or used without explicit user opt-in.
A few options are suggested for improving the user experience without introducing the RCE risk, notably vendoring
or locking plugins at the installer level, therefore ensuring that they are audited on the same level as the installer

> itself. More details are provided in the [Overview](#overview) section. The specification also provides for using lock
> files to disable the plugin system altogether.

Reviewer: I wouldn't call them lockfiles because we also want lockfiles (such as `pylock.toml` and `uv.lock`) to freeze provider plugins.

```suggestion
itself. More details are provided in the [Overview](#overview) section. Static file input can be used to skip running
plugins on installation altogether.
```
